I will present you with just a specific
view that you have interest in a certain
context.
So that's something we could implement
either by running automation through a
bunch of this data models and whatnot,
all of the format that we can support.
And then generate,
let's say a small data structure that is
extracting this information.
And then maybe we need to refresh this
whenever the data changes and we can
maybe even trigger it automatically with,
you know,
detection or we can rerun it periodically
when we need.
And then we have this information,
but it's not coupled or we can also have.
Like some service,
some layer of service that can
automatically query these things on the
fly. Of course it won't be as efficient,
but this sort of manifest or a view
extraction of data,
potentially we could have not just one,
but different facets.
That would cater for different use cases
and different purpose or it can be just
Hmm.
one if we can aggregate everything,
but it all depends for me on what are we
Yeah.
doing with this data.
And what are the use cases?
I think that would be useful and that
maybe that can help.
Yeah, of course.
I I don't have that layer level of detail
yet, so it's it's very hard,
which is why we shouldn't, you know,
Mhm.
start building anything I expect.
That you know we we.
I'll come back to requirements because
they're very almost like contradictory
requirements somehow at the high level.
So I think it's going to take longer to
really identify, you know,
the high priority use cases like why we
need this data that I think as you guys
already point.
Hmm.
Pointed out there's some other use cases
where it's more obvious,
like project initialization,
project provisioning.
I think that's much more clear. Basically,
you know,
start the project in the right way with
the right tools,
with the data in the right place.
You know, that's that's, you know,
Hmm.
that's like much more clear.
But to me, I'm not, you know,
completely clear.
Do we really need to extract all the data?
But it's, you know,
I can only say it's case by case,
but I don't understand those cases at the
Yeah,
there was something else that I I had the
moment.
opportunity to discuss with some of my
colleagues here since we spoke on Tuesday
and I I told them that I was involved in
in this conversation we're having and you
know, we're trying to figure out.
How best we can contribute and what's the
most needed stuff.
And one of them was almost a bit
frustrated saying I've heard this,
I don't know how many times we're trying
to improve,
but for him it was like we haven't even
fixed level zero of aligning.
Mm.
On the standardization,
even at the process level.
So it's really difficult to start talking
about a building anything if you don't
have alignment on, you know,
how are you going to structure your
folders, what's the workflow?
A lot of it is really high level,
Yeah.
but when it comes down to the project.
People are often left, you know,
deciding for themselves how they want to
do it within the discipline and then it
doesn't really fit together at the
project level. So he was,
he was a little bit frustrated because
for him it he thinks that UP should.
First and foremost,
we should have like a really good
alignment on how do we standardize and it
can be just documents.
It doesn't have to be any engine,
it can be just some templates or
Yeah.
recommendation on.
What does it mean to implement this check
in the discipline?
How do we deliver and all of this?
So that was one of the feedback I got
Hmm.
from from this conversation.
I thought I would bring it back to this
meeting because we tend to go a little
bit high level, you know?
All of this technicalities, but.
Yeah, it's it's absolutely right. Um.
You'll see I I started to break down high
level the work streams and my colleagues
actually started this and the that's very
fair to say we we don't even have the
basics which is really about process and
and and project execution,
Yeah.
nothing to do with software.
That's a huge job that needs to be done
and but what I started to realize is.
Yeah.
Instead of thinking about building the
platform.
I think there are some like what we,
I think Rambo calls it like tech enablers.
So I think there are some utilities,
some bits of software, you know,
Yeah.
which will help to like the data,
like the knowledge capture idea we talked
Mhm.
about on Tuesday.
There's probably something.
No, no, no.
Things we can develop which will
significantly maybe speed up the that
Hmm.
process of of of documenting all of the
basics and and aligning everybody on them.
So, but I'll I'll come back to that.
But I totally agree. Yeah, Andrei.
Mm.
Yeah,
just one point as well from my end that
actually as per my experience in energy,
I I see that all these huge documents
with a lot of rules engineers are not
following actually.
The best way to to implement this from my
humble opinion that we need to implement
all these templates,
workflows and etcetera in the cap tools
or or the instruments that engineers are
using on a daily basis.
Mm.
And then they don't have a choice to use
another way.
They should follow these rules because
it's what how tool is established and
deployed in this particular VDI or
computer.
That's my my feeling that if you will
open the Revit, you need to select.
Template and then you don't have a choice
to use another families or another forms
or something like that.
It's it's a very basic things,
but I think that this is what we need to
keep in mind that we need to implement
this into the individual.
Level to the CAD tools and yes,
I see that for now we are talking about
the AI and machine learning and another,
but we don't have very fundamental things
like a data model responsible metrics.
Work flows,
who will do when and what and this kind
of things. Yeah,
this is very initial things.
Yeah, there's there's many things to do,
unfortunately. I mean,
there's lots of pressure from up top,
but then again,
I think they're kind of realistic on time
frame. Like from my perspective,
they only expect me to get the governance
in place this year.
But my product manager instinct is like I
want to build because you put, you know,
Mm.
sooner you put something in the hand of
the user, you get some feedback,
Mm.
you iterate, you improve.
So I still intend to, you know,
build something this year hopefully and
and maybe it's project initialisation,
maybe it's.
But I'm pretty sure we need to build like
a a. It's maybe not a tool,
but something around the data model.
Yeah, data module, dashboards,
maybe templates.
Dash dashboard also.
Uh.
Mm.
I mean that at least the list of folders
and subfolders in the ACC and the rules
Yeah.
who will have access to which folders.
It's the very fundamental and basic
things what we can do.
And the way how the new projects can be
initiated, I mean that Revit templates,
if we are talking about buildings for
instance,
we we also need to understand the pilot
GBA. Yeah, what we will start,
where we will start.
I think that's the buildings is a good
candidate here.
And maybe we could standardize the
workforce for buildings 1st and at least
the way how they initiate new projects,
how they are submitting the data to the
clients,
how they are validating the the BIM
models before they will submit this to
the clients and some kind of thing these
things.
What I keep in mind?
Yeah, Peter made it clear that, you know,
buildings is the is a sort of logical
place to start.
I I just got a a slide deck from the UK.
Where is it?
Mm-hmm.
Which is pretty interesting like the
results of implementing ACC across the
the UK buildings organization and it's
it's pretty it's like a big endorsement
of ACC but nobody wanted to say that it
was ACC but simply because.
Hey.
OK.
Like they had a web viewer for the 3D
model.
OK.
This made a huge difference because
people were collaborating in a in a
consistent way, you know?
But I think I can.
I'll make a PDF of this.
I think I can share it with you.
I'll just double check there's nothing in
it, but I haven't read it yet.
But yeah,
it it looks like in a way the UK
Hmm.
buildings organization kind of have done
this POC anyway.
So that's that's what to build from I
think.
No, that's good to hear, yeah.
Just to go back,
so I I mentioned these work streams
because at some point I will officially
involve you in these work streams. Yeah,
that was it from Autodesk.
I put it in the in here.
Hey, the whoops. Yeah.
In the where is it now?
I reorganized a bit our the loop.
So it's not DevOps,
it's it's still loop at this point.
Mm.
I discussed it with Ronnie and my team
this morning and and everybody was OK
with it, but.
The team before I started had come up
with these three pillars,
which was connected production eco
ecosystems.
This is basically our vendor platforms.
Hmm.
Data like production data basically and
processes.
So these these were pretty close to work
streams and people had actually started
to execute on those work streams last
year.
And they did some of the work,
like this foundational work.
So they mapped, you know,
what's all the software Rumble's using?
Which are the ones we want to focus on?
Which are the ones we want to get rid of?
They mapped some of the processes in
Camino.
I'll I'll come back to it,
but basically I I added this work stream
Mhm.
around governance.
So this is what this will be the focus of
the workshop in.
Two weeks in Copenega.
On 24th,
I didn't invite you guys because I think
it's not going to be too much technical
or building. It's about requirements.
So and to put in place this governance.
So Peter Hayman will will be the
It's fine.
president of the steering Cole.
Yeah,
you could imagine every IDT director is
involved somehow and.
There's these guys, Miko,
who's setting up the stereoco for me.
So that's that's like work package one.
We get that in place, you know,
first quarter is my my plan including,
you know, some product management,
Mhm.
this single source of truth here.
The other thing which is part of this,
my colleague set up like a new teams site
which is structured in the same way more
or less with the work streams,
but we didn't share it yet,
but that that will be the basis of this.
Yeah. So this one around the platforms,
which is are owned by my team as well.
They're basically rolling out ACC.
They're somebody's doing this job to map
the connectivity between the platforms,
like where do we need interoperability?
Team and like how can we do file exchange
or data exchange?
So that's already started.
Somebody in my team is or somebody
working for somebody in my team is doing
that already.
Mhm.
Um.
Yeah,
this one is about working with Autodesk
to try and, you know,
test their A I capability,
understand how we're going to use it and
work together with them to make sure it's,
you know, the way that we want it to be.
Do they? Sorry David,
does Autodesk mention, sorry,
Um.
any work on the MCP servers that they
would implement on their way and that
they could make available for like
Autodesk customer?
I know that for instance,
Microsoft has open source one MCP server
that is crawling all of that
documentation.
If you're looking anything Microsoft,
they have like dedicated agents that can.
Or MCP that can extract data that could
be something to challenge them with and
say you talk a lot about AI,
but AI is is a lot about MCP.
I think now in the agentic age,
what's what are you doing there?
Yeah.
Is there any because that that would be a
really good to have.
Yeah.
Yeah, I sorry,
I thought I shared this with you guys.
I attended this A I workshop where they
presented their different A I initiatives
and and one of them MCP server.
So they have this you can talk I think or
Mhm.
you can have an agent you know talk
through.
API to Revit and ACC.
I think that's it at the moment.
Right.
Hmm.
I'll send it to you. It's not.
Mm-hmm. But uh.
Right. Thanks. Sorry for interrupting.
Yeah, Oliver,
do you know the the cloud cloud code?
I think you can develop yourself MCP
server and connect cloud to the Revit.
Hmm.
Or another files through API through
through Revit API that's possible.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I I I know because I I saw some demos
that when people developed chatbots for
Revit models.
So I'm I'm pretty sure that it's possible,
yeah.
Hmm.
Yeah, yeah, it definitely it is.
I'm just thinking, you know,
if they are also pushing AI always,
maybe you know that's something that they
Mm.
Hmm.
could provide, you know,
as part of the offer in the same way they
are exposing all of this well documented
APIs.
I think that should come with some
dedicated MCP server that can be.
They yeah,
I they offer this dedicated MCP server
Mhm.
and you'll you'll see in my report.
I think they.
It's like a public one and I think we
could just need to.
Mhm.
You can go to some part of their website
and request access to that.
MM.
I I I've got it in the documentation
somewhere, so I'll forward that to you.
Yeah.
But yeah,
this the whole topic of AI in digital
design production, as I mentioned before,
is like a big topic and we're gonna pick
it up.
You know,
more generally with the digital design
and roduction charter.
Hmm.
And it's, yeah, the three,
I think there's three components like AI
from the vendor when you know Autodesk
make a chatbot for example,
they've got this AI assistant for Revit,
which is just like they tuned and you
know.
Probably put the rack implementation on a
old LLM model and you can chat to Revit.
It's it's like a a little bit tuned model
and then they have you know the more
infrastructure approach where they make
an NTP server and the services to connect
it to their their different you know
platform parts.
And then there's like, yeah,
citizen developer stuff where like you
said, the people will take public cloud,
you know,
and use the API to to to speak to a a
civil. I think water are doing it.
They're they're they showed me a demo of
cloud.
Interrogating a Sybil's 3D model.
Hmm.
Mhm.
So yeah, we that one's coming up the.
Data one.
So the what I'm trying to do just now is
to put a owner in place of each one of
these work streams.
Hmm.
This one more or less is like.
Paul and Michael from my team,
they're kind of in that position already
Mhm.
Yeah.
OK.
Paul actually was responsible for data
strategy preparation.
well and.
I think that two years ago at least one
side I I I was joined Rambo.
Yeah.
He was leading this this topic in Rambo.
Uh.
No.
Yeah,
we we just discussed this today that
there needs to be like a data strategy
person in Rumble, but there's no,
you know,
responsible for overall data strategy and
I think they need to put that in place
urgently.
Not just in the design tools,
but you know, across the business.
Mm.
Um.
No.
Yes.
So this one that even I said let's try
and do that within engineering and and
design, but we we don't,
I don't know who the owner is and we
agreed with Ronnie to work with you guys
on this one at least as like contributors.
So maybe I have to own this like work
stream in the in the in the short term.
Yeah, the these are.
Geo data.
I think Tia has also some some expertise
in that. Doesn't she?
Yeah.
From.
But yeah,
happy to contribute on on on this, David.
Yeah, I I would also maybe,
I'm not sure how many people we can
OK.
invite, but yeah, for Aviva,
we also have 3D model parts.
It's a Daniel.
Who's leading this this? Yeah.
Hmm.
I saw he's has to reduce his hours on
Aviva,
so maybe he has some spare hours for us.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.
And he really,
he really involved in the AI part and for
this MCP with the the back home. Yeah,
I think that he he understand all of this,
yeah.
Mhm.
OK. This one is not very well formed.
So my colleagues, OK, you know,
Yes.
Um.
Paul had started something,
I think Diana and Michael had.
Mm-hmm.
Like our class library driven, you know,
data engineering, that kind of stuff.
For me it's I know it only from well from
2 perspective like the Aviva approach and
Mhm.
then the PLM approach, but let's.
Mhm.
This is like a big topic.
We'll we'll come back to this one,
but there's definitely a work stream.
David,
one small question before we go to this
Yeah.
next section.
Do you do you do you already see the the
tool or platform for aggregate all these
requirements,
I mean data requirements from all GB as?
Because you are I I can see that data
models will be on the on some of the
level of decomposition we will get the
same entities like company your number.
I don't know it's relevant for all GPSI
think.
But if we will go deeply to the specific
things like transport or buildings or
energy,
then we will get a lot of specific things.
Do you think what kind of platform or
tool we can use for?
Aggregate this and I I'm thinking about a
VYS and to be honest because I used
Hmm.
before and as per my experience it's
really.
Powerful products Aviva ISM Information
Standard Management tool. It's.
Yeah.
What is it? Sorry.
Hmm.
Yeah, but it's, yeah.
Kind of does change management on
information.
Standards.
Standards, which is is quite cool. Yeah,
I mean I'm I'm open to anything this.
So when we run this work stream,
you know one of the the sub,
you know work stream items will be do we
need tech enablement like do we need a
Topics.
tool to help us to do this,
you know and do we.
Is there something we can buy or is it
something we have to build or do we do in
Hmm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Excel? You know,
so I I think for all of these work
streams there will be a tech enablement
element which is like do we need a tool
Mhm, no.
or something to help us?
By the way,
I don't like these work streams as they
Hmm.
are, and I'll explain to you why,
but that's that's how how they were given
to me.
So I said let's complete the the work in
these work streams and then maybe we can
move to a different kind.
So I added this one as well,
platform and technology enablement.
So this is the discussion we're having
and it it will turn into pods I guess
wherever we need you know to to you know
spin up a team to build something.
Or a team to, you know,
implement a piece of software.
So I just put in there, you know,
there's there's some tech enablement
needed around the data model.
Like where do we document this?
Mhm.
How do we manage it?
How can we do that efficiently?
I put in our, you know,
our idea about gathering knowledge
somehow. You know, again,
we need to determine if this is high
priority or not.
I put in here specifically project
initialization and provisioning as well.
That's, you know, probably a.
Tech enablement topic.
Project data extraction and again it
needs a discussion like which use cases
does it support and a sort of open
interoperability layer.
Several people talk to me, you know,
but open BIM standards and.
Is probably the way to go if you if you
want to be vendor agnostic,
you know with this interoerability.
Mm.
So there's probably more there, but OK,
I don't really like these because
It.
especially in this case,
it's kind of talking about the tool,
sorry,
the connected production ecosystems and
not the outcome. So speaking to these,
you know, senior managements.
For me,
I prefer to do like a work stream based
on our outcome. So for example,
we need to deliver projects, you know,
really well, excellently.
And then in order to do that,
Mhm.
you know you end up with some tasks
basically.
Which is like go and document all of the
processes and come up with, you know,
best practices.
So it's it's kind of just flips the thing
around saying instead of understanding
processes we we make the work stream
deliver excellent projects.
But in order to do that we need to
understand our processes better and and
come up with better processes.
So yeah, at some point I'll, you know,
rename or transfer the work into these
different work streams which are more
like outcome based you could say.
Totally agree, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
And this is very much work and focus,
but one topic I'd like your opinion on
there there was an outcome, there was a.
I think a task.
Yeah,
but real-time collaboration under the
Autodesk, you know, umbrella and well,
in my experience, you know,
Mm.
collaboration is is super,
super important on every project over a
certain size, you know,
when it's like more than five people.
And well, in Aviva days, you know,
we were very envious of Navisworks
because we we always wanted a product
like this. We had Aviva review,
but Navisworks, you know,
was was like the single, you know,
everything when every company somehow
used Navisworks to.
No, it's like a Microsoft Office, yeah.
To collaborate, right?
Yeah, and now, I mean, they didn't.
I don't know if they made much money from
that, but you know,
it was like the defacto tool to look at
your models because they supported,
you know, every import.
Every import here 45 or 46 standards now.
Yeah, and then.
There's one line item there, but you know,
have a a single way to do collaboration.
For me, again,
it's the product manager thinking this is
like if we do one thing that probably
would bring the most benefit if you can
come up with a unified way to collaborate
regardless of which tools you use.
It it that feels like actually a really
big win and OK,
Mm.
I I I need to dig further like where are
we with this topic?
Mm.
Is everybody using Navisworks anyway?
So it's not a topic.
It sounds like people are using Autodesk
Construction Cloud viewer now.
Um.
Not everyone, but yeah.
OK, but the people who have ACC,
so because I saw this comments like I
Yeah.
don't want to open Revit and you know
damage the model or but as you guys know
there's there's lots of.
Challenges around making collaboration
work.
OI put that on as a work stream because.
Could be something that brings a lot of
benefit.
I think it's a really good point, David.
And yeah,
that's one one thing that can bring a lot
of lot of value focusing on improving
collaboration. I see this, yeah,
having sharing the information and having
this federated models easily accessible.
Yeah.
For everyone is really good.
And also another point I wanted to
mention when I discussed with my
colleague yesterday was this or actually
it was earlier this morning another
colleague and he was he's implementing in
one of his projects some sort of
dashboard or a big list.
I think he uses a SharePoint list where
all of the models that are worked on in
the project regardless of the discipline
or area of the project,
they're all listed with some attributes
and that highlights the expectations.
The date of delivery,
which work package they belong to,
Mm.
what is the work breakdown structure and
who has sort of ownership of it so people
Mm.
can see at once.
Like a big list and they don't have to
navigate the folder structure or inside
ACC or whatever project hotel that you
are using.
So they have this aggregated view and
then he's building a Power BI dashboard
on top of this SharePoint list.
So that you can visualize all of the
models and the the drawings or the assets
or artifacts that people are actually
producing.
You have like this centralized dashboard
and it's classified according to whatever
you know metric that that makes sense.
I I can't remember the details of it,
but that he said is a huge.
Improvement in in project collaboration.
It has been received with a lot of
positivity and yeah,
some projects where people are working
and they don't have this,
they say it's it makes a difference.
So I think this could be also one of this.
1.
Of the you know how to implement this
sort of collaboration.
Maybe. Um.
One one way of of of contributing,
you know, to towards this achievement.
Yeah,
maybe I'll make a a page on this topic
and you can just drop some notes in there
about that.
But it it sounds like it's I've yeah,
I I I think it's a lot of stuff can be.
Yeah.
Done to improve this but.
Yeah, So what I I guess I ask you is that.
There's load, I think,
loads of work to do around this
foundational stuff.
And yeah,
I would like to build something to to,
you know, bring some benefits.
Short term,
so people see we're building something,
it's real, you know, they feel like, OK,
UP is not not just a concept, it's it's,
you know,
I have this place to go and yeah,
maybe in the short term we're not really
going to start to build something, but.
Also think about tech enablement.
So maybe we will build something,
but it's not the platform itself,
it's these enablers that allow us to do
the foundational work more quickly.
But I I will put a big flag in the ground
Hmm.
around collaboration because you know,
it could be that's one thing we could.
You know, work on to take this,
you know this idea of the SharePoint
repository with.
I mean it sounds it sounds really useful.
H.
You know to to to productize that and
roll it out,
Oh yeah, and and.
you know that probably would have a huge
benefit.
Enable us here.
I have one idea actually.
What if we will try to use the list of
deliverables that we are providing to our
clients?
This is usually our part of the contract
with the client and we have to it's a
it's a master document register something
Hmm.
for that.
We need to specify what kind of documents
we will deliver to our clients and then
if.
We will identify from this huge list what
kind of of documentation we can automate
or we can structuralize or we can
establish our tools for provide this in
more proper way or more faster.
Something like that.
Then I think that it's a kind of fast
results that we can achieve because then
we could say, OK,
because I can predict that engineers will
ask why we are developing this because
there are no any real value. Yeah,
who will pay for that and etcetera.
It's a lot of.
But if we will provide them the the this
I would say real documents that they
could deliver like a data sheets or I
don't know line list or something like
that even it's it's it were developed or
define it in not in the database centric.
Approach,
but it's kind of automated Excel or
something like that.
But we will deliver this as a first
results.
People will see the benefits and value
and then they will support us with the
next steps and next.
Iterations without this huge work with
the data models and etcetera. Yeah,
Yeah, I.
that's just idea.
I I think like both of these things.
So this is our kind of page now platform
and technology enablement, you know,
put these ideas in there and.
Yeah, I I kind of like this idea.
This is what I would expect that we take
these ideas from either from like a GBA,
somebody who's done something to make
their life easier and we, you know,
productize them and roll them out.
Mhm, mhm.
Or like your kind of master deliverables
management register,
something like this as well.
That's these are these are things which I
think can be effectively productized one
way or another and then rolled out,
you know, under the UP umbrella.
And if they, you know,
we need to find a balance of making
incremental progress so people see
something and there will be these these
low hanging fruits, you know,
as long as I can tie them, you know,
to an overarching story which is like, OK,
these are.
Utilities. These are, you know,
these are contributing to the project
delivery excellence work stream, right?
You bring very great idea David.
I think that we can utilise already
Mm.
existing prototypes,
proof of concepts that we we have a lot
in Rambo, we have a lot of these things.
What we can do,
Hmm.
we can analyze the pool of these
prototypes and understand what they are
really.
Can do and if they we can productize
these tools like in my case I I used a
specific tool for extract data from
schematic drawings like tech to doc
Hmm.
scanner or.
Pin ID viewer and etcetera.
I know that this is relevant for another
project, yeah,
but this is was developed only for one
project and we then was this because it's
just be used only once.
I see that we have a lot of this kind of
cases and if we can.
Have a some kind of repository where we
could list all these tools like your
products Oliver BM bot. Yeah,
or I know that Daniel also developed
something and there are a lot of people
who will develop something and we can.
Aggregate this and understand what we can
reuse and productize and then provide
this as a first result because it's a
minimum efforts from our end.
We already have prototypes and this is
quite big step for.
Yeah, I I asked Ronnie for this actually,
because I said, is there a list of older,
People.
you know, our homemade products?
And I think there is inside DPE and
there's another one under tech governance.
Hmm.
But what I I can't do is like map them
like where they used on the lifecycle or
which kind of projects that they used for.
Yeah, I mean, I I think that's part of it.
Ideally, you know, we would.
If we had unlimited time and budget,
we would take these utilities and you
know,
make them on a a common tech stack and
with a with a, you know,
unified user experience.
Hmm.
But maybe it's not possible,
but I'm I'm happy to work in both
directions like we do this kind of
distributed.
You know, point solutions,
we really think it's is is global and
then some things are more like on the
platform level,
Hmm.
but I think a lot of it will be like tech
enablement which is just like smaller.
Point solutions in the beginning.
Yeah,
we're kind of micro services as this is
Yeah, yeah.
what we also discussed that our solution
should be like a micro service
Yeah.
architecture and we can productise this
as a micro services,
connect this to the unified API and then
people will use it out-of-the-box.
Based on the best practices and I don't
know,
it's looks logical to try to reuse and
unify what you already have instead of
Hmm.
trying to redevelop something so.
Yeah.
Absolutely. So yeah, again, predicted.
Well, we would just talk,
Oh.
Yeah.
but I really appreciate it.
We just have to up to the hour, right or?
Yeah, yes.
Yeah, I can.
Oh yeah, I have. OK, but yeah, anything.
Feel free to like add anything you want
underneath here,
like a ideas page or some some
Mhm.
Yeah.
description of this SharePoint approach
and and how it's used.
Yeah, I'll. I'll do that.
And if you have a new work stream,
you know a sub work stream,
just add that as well.
Hmm.
OK, for sure.
But at least if we can record and
Perfect.
recognise this session,
I think that we can also extract the
Yeah.
insights. Yeah. OK, yeah, OK, yeah,
same to you.
Good stuff from it. All right, guys.
Have a good one. Thanks again. Bye, bye.
Thank you. Bye, bye.
Same to you. Bye bye.